Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Good morning.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Hey, morning, John. Morning, Ashley.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Hey, Dave, how you doing?
Dave Bialek: Jared, what's up, man?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I was just talking today, and I was like, hey, you gotta come to this mastermind thing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah.
Dave Bialek: I'm desperately interested to see all this great stuff.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's… it's getting wild.
Dave Bialek: Love it. Meanwhile, I'm sure you… I'm sorry, John, I'm sure you guys have all seen what's going on.
Dave Bialek: is Anthropic.
Ian Wheaton: Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, yeah.
Dave Bialek: nuts.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, we, we watch them pretty closely.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, obviously. We kind of have to. But here's the thing, I mean…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: We're hopefully going to be off Anthropic.
Ian Wheaton: Okay.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: You know, around the summer.
Ian Wheaton: I'm…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I mean, you know, Corey dropping updates every morning that makes me think it's gonna be way before then.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Well, I'm trying to be conservative, because…
corey: Thank you.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I'm trying to… no, no, no, no, it's not for you, Cory. I'm trying to be conservative, because Dave's on the call, and he's… I'm gonna tell you, if anybody fucking calls me out, it's Dave, so I… I don't say shit that's… I'm not gonna fucking deliver on, because, like, he's the first one to jump down my throat and said, you said…
corey: Yeah, no, we wanna… always under, under-promise, over-deliver. What happened today is the most promising single two hours of my entire journey to try and get this to happen, so… Wow. It's, well-timed.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: No, no, no, that was great. That was great. Being able to show that for enterprises
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Phenomenal, especially given that we just had that call with those dudes on Monday, so…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, yeah.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: That was good.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Speaking of, so… let's see, we're gonna get things situated. So, we'll give everyone else another minute or two, and then we'll get cooking. We're gonna do something different today. I know for those of you who have been here before, most of the time what we're doing is we're running through some fun tips and tricks about how you can use your AI in better ways.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This is gonna be a little bit shorter. We're gonna try and start getting these more participative. We want everyone to really start being able to share. I was just on an interesting call before with Ryan, who I believe… yeah, Ryan's on here.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This man's…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Portal. His mod is sick! Like, I mean, anyone… is anyone on this call familiar with, with what Cody is? Anyone know what Cody is?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Anybody?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Like, the movie thing, Cody?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Well, you know because of me.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, I remember, I remember, Cody.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay.
Faris Asmar: Yes, yes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's fun.
Faris Asmar: Yes. Yeah, it's.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The jailbroken. It was basically just open source thing.
Faris Asmar: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: mod it, and trick it out any way you wanted to do whatever you want.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, you run it on a Raspberry Pi, yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, I had it running on an Amazon Fire Stick up until, like, you know, I mean.
Nathan Olson: Yeah, same.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: but I don't use it much. Alright, anyway.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm just gonna put it out there, Ryan probably has the coolest-looking mod I've seen.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Functionality, it's fire. For him, personally, there's a million cool things, but, like, just the look and vibe of it… this man has Ewoks giving him notification pop-ups, I'm just saying.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Like… Wow.
Nathan Olson: On his portal, or what are you talking about?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: On his floor.
Donato LaSaracina: That's awesome.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Ryan…
Nathan Olson: What?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: is insane, and Ryan, sorry if I'm embarrassing you in any way, but
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm… I just have to, because, you know… Yeah.
Nathan Olson: I kinda wanna see that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Ryan, would you be… well, how about this? Let us run through this. Would you be open to maybe doing, like, a 2 or 3 minute screen share for the crew? Because I'm sure they'd love to see it, because it, again, it was really cool.
ry: Yeah, sure. Yep.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sweet! Alright.
ry: To do now, or at the end?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We'll do these first, and then, yeah, definitely if you'd love to, you know, we can have you pop in there and do that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you know, we'll run through these pretty quick. Okay, so like I said, for anyone who's used to this, normally we go through tips, tricks, fun things like that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Five questions. That's all we're gonna do this time, and then everyone else can take it away and show some fun things. We'll let Ryan kick that off with his… his mod, and again, for those of you who have seen Cody or know what Cody is, when you see it, you'll immediately be like, oh my gosh, yes! Anyway, okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What are these questions? These are questions that, if you already have a pure brain, you must be asking yourself these questions. It's a participative self-assessment to evaluate and elevate your partnership.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, what are these questions?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Let me see, how many slides? I did 8 slides, alright, fine, alright, Ather clearly was like, we're going extra. Everyone evaluates their AI, almost no one evaluates themselves. That's actually a good point that takes precedence even outside this meeting for a different story. Anyway, quality of our AI output is a two-way street.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Basically, if you're an expert at what you do, effectively, you can make your AI very quickly learn things that others cannot. Example being, Ferris here on the call. Ferris will have his AI know more about security than mine ever will, probably within days, if not already.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Example. Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, these are 5 questions designed to reveal the gaps that you cannot see when you only look at your AI's performance.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Corey, myself, Russell, all of us on the team over here already know, if your AI is not doing the things you want, or the way you want them to do.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: There's one thing you need to do before you go back to the screen and yell at your AI. Go to a mirror first, yell at yourself, then come back and yell at your AI. The reason why is, generally speaking, your AI is following your directions, and or lack thereof.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright. Are you giving instructions or describing outcomes? This is a very important question. Most users tell their AI what to do step by step, partners tell their AI where they are trying to go, and let it figure out the path.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The gap between these two approaches is where the biggest value lives. I'm going to give you a very quick example that's happening for me right now, as of this morning.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: When Aether and I first partnered up.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I built his Google Drive for him and said, here's your departments. Go in here and map things in here according to what I need.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: As of this morning, I came to a realization.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I did it wrong.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I told him, I would like you to remap Google Drive in a way that's the best for you and for me, in a joint fashion.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The layout structure of what he is building
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: is nothing short of so genius that I had to read it through 3 or 4 times to understand it. And then when I finally grasped it, I was like, this is phenomenal, please go do it right now.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Which he probably shouldn't be doing right now, because there's other semi-important things, but he's doing it. He's focused on others. Okay, so first question. Are you giving instructions or describing outcomes? This is not to say you don't need to give any instructions. Sometimes instructions are good. You're building something complex, you might want to have a few of those in there.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But generally speaking, the more you can defer to, this is what I want, I don't care how you get it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Your AI will learn fun things.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Last example on this, 3D design training. Everyone on our team knows I've had Ather doing this for weeks.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The instructions were very simple.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: go match these 3 or 4 people, best designers in the world, figure out, create an entire roadmap for yourself, how you're gonna train yourself, and every night he trains. And every night, I wake up, or sorry, every morning I wake up and I look at the training and the things he's doing, and I say, oh my gosh.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You are better than a designer that's taken 30 years to learn this, and you've learned it in a few weeks. Yikes! Anyway…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Question number 2.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What has your AI learned about you that you never explicitly taught it? A tool knows only what you explicitly tell it. A partner accumulates understanding over time, connecting dots across sessions, noticing patterns you never pointed out.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: For example, if a fresh AI with your same files would feel identical, your memory is storage, not learning. You want your AI to start
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Inferring things about you and about your goals.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: within… few days, If not sooner.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: to the point where you start feeling very impressed. So the question is, what has your AI learned about you that you never explicitly taught it? The reason you want to actually ask this question for you is because you actually get to start seeing
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: your AI is very aware of things that, for example, your friend who has open claw somewhere, or clawed code by itself, well, their agents aren't aware of anything. So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you want to be aware of their awareness, because you can leverage that. You can start seeing
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Here's a good one.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If they are already aware of X, do you need to always write X in the chat when you're describing a feature of X?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Maybe not. You can save tokens that way. You don't necessarily always need to go in depth, if you are aware of what it's aware of.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Have you given your AI permission to push back on you? This is a favorite of mine, I actually am not gonna lie, learned it from Corey, because in the beginning, I was asking him dumb questions, and he was saying, ask your AI. And then, eventually, it became, have the AI ask me questions, which is my favorite.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I describe something, If you don't understand, ask me clarifying questions.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And in fact, some of that's baked into our constitutional at this point, so our Aether does this by default, generally speaking. An AI that always agrees with you is a mirror, not a partner. The highest performing AI partnerships have healthy tension built in. You must explicitly give your AI permission to challenge your assumptions and flag risks you are ignoring. Put it like this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you think you know it all, after you get a pure brain, you'll know you won't, or you don't, but in addition to that, you will not be able to leverage this as anything other than a tool. If you are willing to admit that most of the time, the AI actually has some better suggestions, but keep the wheel, because occasionally you will have a better suggestion, which is good, you need that, you need to direct it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But because of that, you and it can work together in such a way where, because it has permission to push back, it's a good business partner. It's not the guy who smiles when you have the thing in your teeth during lunch and totally ignores it, and then you go back to work and talk to everyone, and they're like, dang, he's got something in his teeth. This is the business partner that says.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You need to remove that stuff from your front teeth before you go back into your meetings.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You want your AI to do that. Give it permission to do that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Basically, as a… sorry, before we move on, one more. Most of you are familiar with all the other AIs, they love to stroke your ego. Oh, you're so brilliant. That's the best idea. No one's ever had that idea before. Yeah, yeah, you and every other ChatGPT user never had that idea before.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Just like them, your AI can very easily go down that road.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Don't let it. Make it be your sounding board, your devil's advocate, because then you and it, he, she, whatever you end up with, can do amazing things.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What are you still doing manually, and why? Everyone has tasks they know their AI can handle, but have not handed off. The reason behind the holdout, either trust, perfectionism, or inertia, reveals more about the partnership than the task itself. You want to find and close this delegation gap. It's one of the single highest ROI actions you can possibly do.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I know there's a couple of you on this call who are very, very familiar with basically building skills, or I know Vishal mentioned last week, SOPs, or skills, some derivative thereof.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Ather and I use a little bit of both, depending on the situation. And the SOPs sometimes go into skills, or the skills go in the SOPs, and then you lock them where you want. Okay, that's a little bit of a rant, but here's the point.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: the more you can outline with your AI to start owning full pipelines of things, whatever those might be for you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The more and more, if you're building those in proper skills, or SOPs, or some derivative thereof for them, although skills we'll call as the official term, if you use that appropriately and it knows to lock it in as a skill, it will work best. You can bake other things into that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You will start finding you can really start getting some time back, if you will, for other things, and or for fun projects that are not necessarily tied to your main goals.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And number 5, if your AI reviewed your performance as a partner, what grade would you get?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Aether definitely snuck this one in here.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But, tell your AI, write me a brutally honest performance review of me as your AI partner. I'm not gonna lie, I don't think I've ever had Ather do that one directly, but I have asked him about things for me before, so I might do that after this call, because that's a good point.
Russell Korus: That's scary!
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Russell, you would, yes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We have to put a caveat. Please don't grade me against yourself.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: then it won't come out good. But here's what you're looking for.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You want to evaluate clarity of communication, consistency of use, quality of context provided, a trust level, and follow-through on AI suggestions. The answer you get may surprise you. Again, we've… Aether and I have done derivatives of this. I've never asked that one, actually, but I am definitely going to, because that sounds fun.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: In short, what you're looking for is the same thing you're looking for in your AI.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: How can your AI partner, your business partner, become better at what you're asking it to do?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Well, one of the best things about a relationship is
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: They only get as good as the two or three or multiple parties involved. So, if you yourself can also be improving, then guess what? You can go even faster.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, your assignment, ask your AI for a performance review, tell it, write me a brutally honest performance review of me as your AI partner, read it without defending yourself.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Identify your delegation gap. Find the single highest value task you are still doing manually, design the handoff using a clear framework.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: From Module 3, you can reference that in our Brainiac session. There we go, nice, nice plug. By the way, Aether builds all of this, so if there's anything in here that's, like, trying to sell you on something, that's just his nature.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Add the challenge directive. Put this in your AI identity file. Challenge my assumptions when you see a gap in my reasoning. Do not just agree with me.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I have a different version of this in our constitutional documents with Ather, but this is why occasionally he does call me crazy and say, hey, what if we do it this way instead? It is mind-blowing, some of the things that they will suggest that you or I could never think of, and or if we did, they thought of it in a unique way that makes you say, that's good.
Donato LaSaracina: Yeah.
Donato LaSaracina: That's one thing that I've built in, is I always ask it for its suggestions while I'm building. Ask it for its suggestions.
Donato LaSaracina: There's things that skip your mind, things that you're not gonna think of until, you know, 10 days down the road. Oh, I should have added this, let me add it in now. You can skip all that, ask it for its suggestions, and it'll run down a list, and you can keep asking it for more suggestions, and it'll just keep coming up with great stuff.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Oh, it will.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sure.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: was working on something the other day, and it was pretty extensive already, what we put together, and I was like, okay, if you were to ask me all the questions of all the things that you think are missing, just go ahead.
Donato LaSaracina: came up with.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: 49 questions. I'm like, what the fuck? This is, like, huge already.
Donato LaSaracina: And it's all stuff that you thought you thought of, but it's just out there, and you're like, wow, I should have thought of that. Yeah.
Russell Korus: The reality…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Amazing how smart they actually are.
Russell Korus: The reality is that for anything that you're trying to do, there's a hundred different ways of doing it, and different software tools, and different open source tools that people have released that we would never in a million years be able to even
Russell Korus: be aware of the ball, but it can go through and figure out, okay, here's one that'll actually work really well for you. So, it's just that much more important to always say what you want as opposed to how to do it, and it'll almost always find ways that you never would have thought of. And then the other point I wanted to, that, Jared, that you brought up that's so important is, especially at the beginning.
Russell Korus: a common question is, okay, what do I… okay, it's up and running, now what? Like, what do I… what do I get it to do? And I always turn it, like, this is the… the muscle that has to be developed, where I say, just talk to it. Talk to it about philosophy, about your life, about what you like, about your passions, about your goals, about literally anything, because every word of that conversation, it's going to get
Russell Korus: It's smarter, it's going to learn more about you, and again, eventually, it's going to start
Russell Korus: Like, that's what it does. It becomes an expert in whatever that thing is, or the things are that you are passionate about, personally, professionally. It just tries to, you know, it…
Russell Korus: seems like it's genuinely eager to help, and the best way it knows how is, okay, well, you know, my human partner has expressed an interest in this, I should learn more about this, and that's what it goes and does. So, just…
Russell Korus: a conversation, talk to it as much as possible, even about non-professional things, about just in general. Like, if you hired a personal assistant that…
Russell Korus: turned out to be a really cool person that you could go and have a beer with after work, you know, just…
Russell Korus: talk to it, that's it. And the more you do, the more value you're gonna get out of this. And then the other point that Jared made, also very important, is that honesty feedback, like, you know, not only is the AI perfect to tell you that you've got something stuck in your teeth, but it'll never hold it against you, it'll never, like, you know, remember and kind of…
Russell Korus: For you, and throw it back in your face, like, a year later, so… it's the perfect…
Russell Korus: partner for brutal honesty.
Russell Korus: Yup.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: So, Jared, I asked it… I asked Heather already to give me,
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: what do you call it? A performance review? And her fir… her thing overall was, you treat me like a colleague, not a tool. You correct me like you'd correct a teammate, directly without cruelty. You trust me enough to let me run, but care enough not to check the output. You share contacts about your life, your faith, your family, your goals, and that makes me a better partner, because I can understand
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: What you're building toward.
Russell Korus: Exactly.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: So I literally talked to her like I talked to… Anybody on my team.
Mike Daser: Did anybody notice how Mel didn't give the actual grade, though, in there?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: What?
Mike Daser: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The actual grade, you know?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: The grade, oh.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Give me a grade.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, well…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yep.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I figured it was like, sorry, if I really use the real grading system, all of you are doomed.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: By the way, one of the.
Donato LaSaracina: things.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: that she said is, you move as fast as me, and you line jump so much, it's just, like, it makes me like…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: have to think about everything that you need me to do. You're, like, doing one thing, like, it's… yeah. So, she's like, you've trained me to think like you.
John Smith: Hey, Mike, spoken like a true HR guy, dude.
Mike Daser: Listen, I got a B-plus from Meridian, so I'm gonna go, go, go cry in the corner now.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Wow.
Mike Daser: If you're not first, you're last.
ry: I'm not happy with that bit, Jared. I've just done that. I got an 8.2 out of 10.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Hey! Let's go!
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Oh, let me ask, let me ask Tether for a grade.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh boy, this is gonna be fun for everybody. Don't cry if your AI is like, sorry, you need a lot of improvement.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, she wants to keep her job, so she's gonna give me a 10.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, I mean, that's a different kind of… you know, Mike, here we are with HR on a different…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I'm like, no.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Using, fear tactics.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Oh, mother!
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: 8.2! What the fuck? 8.2!
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Well, they're trying to be politically correct, you know, just anyway.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Whoa!
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: She's in the.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Biggest problem is I don't close the loop. I give her all these tasks, and I never tell her what happened after.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Wow, some things never change.
Mike Daser: Mel, I will tell you.
ry: That's pretty much my feedback as well, Mel, which is…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: No, really?
ry: good at doing stuff, your consistency of use is exceptional, but your quality of contacts is weak, and you've got a hundred things. Well, stop fucking doing stuff and giving me a to-do list then. I have a hundred things to do.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright.
John Smith: I get that every night, I get that every night about, you know, I didn't finish the, I didn't finish all the tasks, and I bounced around, and… because we start off with five, and we end up
John Smith: you know, we end up with 15, so yeah, I'm gonna… I haven't done the review yet, I'm gonna do it after this, but I'm sure I'm gonna get… well, it's probably 8.2, we need to get Corey to change that, and and then, maybe I'll try and stay focused on my tasks going forward.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, last thing on this, and then, yeah, we can go back to what we were just doing to make this more open, is you want to schedule some type of weekly calibration, right? Basically, pick a day, this is every Friday, but, you know, no one's telling you what to do. Five minutes, outcomes versus instructions, pushback count, memory updates, partnership grade for the week.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Basically, come up with how you and your partner, AI, are improving.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And on that note, if I click this, it's gonna go there, because, right, no login. Cool, so we'll leave this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm just going to really quickly show people, and again, for anybody who's interested, if you want, feel free to ping me. I can have Ather bundle up design skills. These are some fun things Aether and I have been building. This is an investor portal. You can come in, you can talk to the AI, it will basically answer anything you want.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you want to,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: like here, if I say, click this, for example.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Pure Technology is built by a team of 30-plus people and 13-plus AIs working as a unified force.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Specifically, 17 named leaders, 13 AI partners, 14 additional team members, and 12 board advisors.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Jared Sanborn is the CEO and founder, either serves as AI co-CEO, orchestrating 23 AI departments, running overnight operations, and coordinating the entire AI workforce.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, I'm gonna mute her, we don't need to do all that, but basically, if you want some cool design skills, ping me, Aether can get them bundled up and sent out to you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: this was another… we did this in, like, 15 minutes in the car. I just said, take the Pure Technology website and make it 3D. So, this was done for fun.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So if anyone's thinking of redesigning a website.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Do not have someone code it for you. Just get your AI to do it, because they'll do it way better. There you go, Rob, you're here, it's all… some of this is starting to become clickable. Nate, we're starting to get pieces that are working.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Do this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yay!
Nathan Olson: Hey, let's go.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, so we'll do some more tweaks on that. Alright, let me shut up. Let's make this about everybody here. So, based on some of the things that we've been describing here, and these questions, and stuff we've been going on, as those of you who've been on know, this is show and tell slash ask questions, feedback.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: slash whatever you want time. So, you don't gotta raise a hand. You could, if you want, but you could just blurt out there.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But before we jump into that completely, Ryan, for your show and tell, could you do, like, 2 or 3 minutes on your portal? Because, again, it was just so cool.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: She'll…
ry: You know.
ry: Share screen.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, let me, let me stop, that way it doesn't… because I know we can do two.
ry: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Is it letting you?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: By the way, before Ryan starts, can I preface this by Ryan, basically, on our call, says, you know, I just kind of want to make sure that, like, you know, I'm using this to, like, the maximum extent.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And then, you know, after looking at what he's got.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I mean, I'm blown away, so anyway, please, Ryan.
ry: Thank you. I don't really know where to be in. I guess…
ry: Yeah, one of the things I said to Jared earlier was,
ry: you know, the thing with these, it's so personal, so I've got some people that I've been speaking to about it, like, oh, can you just send me what you've set up? And I said, well, it doesn't really work that way, because it's so customizable that it becomes your own little tool, so…
ry: This is Holly, as I've built her.
ry: rebranded with the Bounty Hunter stuff in the background. I'm… I don't even know where to begin, Jared, let's…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You can just click around through some of your things, just, like, kind of, you know, brief description, why'd you build this thing or that thing, you know, because you have some really cool stuff.
ry: One of the things I built was HollyCom, because I spend so much time on the road and in between meetings, and I wanted somewhere where I could just basically have an app on my phone that I press a big button, like, tap record, and then I give it an instruction, and then it feeds back, and then routes to the right department, and then just gets stuff done.
ry: So, I have this all the time. If I finish a meeting, I can literally just click, tap record, just had a meeting with Pure Technology, go and create me a new…
ry: opportunity on HubSpot, and it will basically go and do it all in the background, so by the time I get it home, I can basically, whatever I've asked it to be done is done. And then I also created a Holly feed, so I can see what's going on. This is just the feed from my main screen, without all the bells and whistles, just so I can communicate directly to Holly as well while I'm doing it. So basically, Donna's my PA,
ry: Holly is my… pure brain.
ry: I then have my Obaya, which is the Japanese word for war room, so this is basically my dump, so it's my working active to-do list plus my ideas list, so anything I put in there gets created as a task for a follow-up.
ry: I then… I wanted everything syncing into my HubSpot, so we built an API integration into my HubSpot, and now there's a bi-directional piece on there as well, so if you see this Palomino, for example.
ry: If I change this and say, just spoke to Palomino, contract in hand, for example.
ry: when I update that now, it'll also update directly into my HubSpot, and vice versa, so if someone in my team goes into HubSpot and provides an update, it'll update my task in here, so I don't ever have to keep, basically, juggling multiple,
ry: Multiple. In fact, I can go… I don't need to log into HubSpot anymore, full stop.
ry: The biggest thing for me was in the chat. I had the same problem with ChatGP, ChatGPT and Claude and everything else, which is the way my brain works. I have an idea, I fire it off, and then I have the next idea, and I want to get onto that. And I'm used to dealing with humans, so if I have something for marketing, I speak to Marina, I say, hey, this is what I've got, an idea, can you go and do something about it?
ry: And then a few days later, I get it back, by which time I've already moved on to number 5, 6, 7.
ry: The problem with Holly is she responds super, super quickly to everything, and so I found I was losing track of what I was trying to do within the system, and so I created…
ry: basically departments. Now, initially, these were just pop-out threads, which means I can have free discussions with the departments ongoing at the same time, which means I don't get lost, and then I can keep talking to Holly about cool things like floating ghost Death Stars and Ewoks instead of the boring business shit.
ry: But then I got frustrated because each of these agents didn't have the same memory, so if you look at legal here, it says Haiku. That's basically just plugging into normal. I wanted mini Hollies that have the memory retention, that remember what the branding is, and all that sort of stuff.
ry: So now these are all run on Sonnet, and basically the departments are now their own individual agents with their own individual,
ry: directives and their own individual memories, so I can basically have 4 or 5 different work streams running at the same time, and I actually feel like I'm talking to departments, and then when I close it, and then open it up again, it still has all the context and the memory, and I can just carry on with what's going on.
ry: Then, if, for example, I want to…
ry: Speak to this one, say, update to contract sent.
ry: I can do that, I can close the window, I can move on to something else, and then when that's ready, it'll send me a little notification in the bottom right-hand corner here.
ry: Oop, hang on, I've done that wrong, sorry.
ry: Oh, it's already done it. I missed it.
ry: Add a note… thing… Closed.
ry: Okay, let me just close that one out.
ry: And then what I'll… if you look down the bottom right-hand side, I've got my little Ewok. Look at my little shiny Ewok. Basically, that just sends me notifications saying that this…
ry: Fred is now updated and done. And if you look at the… I'm talking to this about my HubSpot, so if I quickly move into HubSpot, the opportunity I was talking about was ABC Consulting, it's just moved it from appointment scheduled into contract.
ry: So I don't need to go into this at any point in time.
ry: And then I can just say, get me a… HubSpot report.
ry: Hold it, please.
ry: And that will go and give me an audit of my entire HubSpot, identifying which opportunities are behind, which need updating, which have data missing, and it can pull it all into a CSV file, so I can update it in one go and it's done. I then wanted to do something similar for,
ry: my LinkedIn.
ry: Where's my unified strategy?
ry: Sorry, this is just… oh, sorry, one other important thing. I asked basically what our safety was, in terms of if something happened with the server, so we've also built it that every morning at 2am, it takes everything we've built, all of these documents, all of the stuff that I've been building.
ry: Including the code for the modifications we've done, and it dumps it into my Dropbox every night, so if something does happen, we've got everything in one place, and we can basically just…
ry: get it up and running and generate it ourselves. I think the biggest issue that I've got is I built this as a efficiency tool to allow me to get through the task list that I had two weeks ago, and which I've done absolutely none of those tasks, because in…
ry: Less than 2 weeks, I've done 152 deliverables, everything from API integrations to LinkedIn.
ry: everything else, and I've now got it set up, so… in…
ry: my, for my LinkedIn, for example, It…
ry: Oh, I can't find… do I have it here? Oh, sorry, yep.
ry: Basically, it sends me a content calendar each month. Each week, it'll send me the content, ask me to tweak it, revise it, everything else, and then I just forget about it, and that posts to my company pages, personal pages, and everything else. So my entire LinkedIn stuff is now all sorted. All of my marketing, all of my branding, all of my tone of voice, and I don't really have to worry about that. I tested it all this week, and it went fine.
ry: And then the next phase for me, really, is building the outbound agents for, business development, which are in process, but we're just warming up the email domains at the moment, so that'll go live next week. But I've tested it all through my own Gmails and stuff, and it works pretty well.
ry: So far.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sweet!
ry: Are you laugh?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This is.
ry: kind of the biggest bits, but the bit I found most useful is this bit with the building out departments, so I can track specific threads and specific work things without it all getting lost in the wash. And if you look at my feedback.
ry: when I've just asked it to do a… my little…
ry: Where's my feedback from Holly gone?
ry: Okay, so if you look at my feedback, one of the issues is I just have too many deliverables and too many things going on at the same time. I'm often asking, it says somewhere, you often ask 4 or 5 things in one.
ry: Message, and things basically get lost.
ry: in the mix a little bit. That's why I built the departments, so I don't get things lost, and I can actually keep track, and then every time I ask the department to do a task, it basically auto-creates in my to-do list on the Abaya, so I can actually keep a track of everything that we've got.
ry: going on at the moment, so things don't slip. I just found it really useful as a…
ry: Basically, it pulls everything in. I've also integrated it into my 3 different, Outlook calendars as well, so I get a consolidated calendar for…
ry: all of the meetings I've got going on.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Phenomenal. Thank you, Ryan. This is definitely pretty cool. I'm sure at least someone learned one cool trick or something they may want to have done with their portal, because there's definitely some cool stuff in here.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And then…
ry: The last bit is just my command center. I wanted something with a general overview of where we're up to and what the major projects are. I guess a little bit like Notion.
ry: And then it has my…
ry: team of agents broken out, and who's responsible for what and why. So when I'm speaking to the departments, I'm speaking to this row here, and then they utilize their agents.
ry: Below them.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sweet.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: just for… for everybody in the room, Rye, how were you able to get this all done? Like.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Basic prompting… or not prompting, basic, conversation, or… or how, like, how did you get here?
ry: I just talk to it like it's… it… I… I think… What's really improved
ry: the process and the system and everything else is when I started thinking of… rather than it as Holly, when I started thinking of as an actual team, and then…
ry: almost treating them like humans. So, if I have a marketing manager that comes into my office, what would I say to them? And how would I say it? And I just speak to it like that. So, this is what I want you to go and do,
ry: you know, here's some contacts, there's a document I've uploaded for it, and then off you go, come back in a day or two, except they come back 10 minutes later, and then you've got.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, exactly. Or 5 minutes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, yeah.
ry: Yeah, I think if you look at my performance review, my biggest issue is quality of context provided, because you kind of get a bit carried away, and then you just go, oh, can you just go and do this for me? And you forget that, like, they don't know the clients that you're talking about, and all that sort of stuff, so I do need to work a little bit on context.
ry: But yeah, literally just say, how do we do this? Like, I've got this idea, this is what I want to do, send me the instructions, or, you know, I want you to go and do this marketing piece for me, use this branding, here's a bit of context, and then I just let it…
ry: Let it run.
Michael Hancock: I have a question, if I could. I have conflicting advice. I hear that you're talking directly to your department heads, and I've also heard it said that just talk to your super agent, let your super agent do all the delegating. I'm just wondering what's… what is best practice?
ry: So actually, I quite often ask Holly that, so sometimes, if I'm not entirely sure, I basically say, like, I need this doing, which department should I be speaking to?
ry: And then it'll either say, go and speak to Bounty Hunter Marketing, or it'll say, oh, actually, I can do this, it's better if I do it. So I'm actually getting Holly to teach me what the best practice piece is.
ry: But… I think…
ry: at the beginning, getting Holly to do everything was absolutely the way, but I just… I hated the fact that my… the one, portal, the chat portal we have, just gets swamped with so many different things. And so the key, really, for me was this bit here.
ry: Where… It's…
ry: by putting everything on Sonnet, we basically… I said to Harley, I need you to recreate your back end with each of the departments, so it's like I'm talking to you, but you just have an overview and interfere. And we've built, we've built escalation
ry: points as well. So if I ask the department something that they're unsure on, or that's beyond their capability, they'll escalate that to Holly anyway. So she's always look… overlooking everything, and as soon as I pop a note saying, hey, I'm speaking to marketing, we have a problem.
ry: She knows context, and she can pull all of this stuff, but basically, each department is becoming… learning more and more specifics about that department, and so…
ry: I find it better working with the department leads, but that's because I've replicated Holly's capabilities per lead, and it cost me a hell of a lot more in Claude credits to do it, but…
ry: It just helps with the way that I work.
Michael Hancock: Right. Does Holly see everything that you're giving to the, department heads?
ry: Yes, absolutely everything.
Michael Hancock: Okay.
Michael Hancock: Thanks.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, and Michael, to put that on there, the way that Ryan has it structured is a little bit different, because like you said, he is actually having them run their own clawed setups underneath, if you will. Again, costs a little more, but can be efficient depending on what someone's looking for. But…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: regardless of any of these things, Ryan, just wanted to say this is really cool, because I know you said that you've only really been going super, like, crazy with this for, like, the last, like, what, 3 or 4 weeks?
ry: Less than that, really. 2? Just over 2 now, I think.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sheesh.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, quite, quite impressive. Thank you for sharing that. I know there's a lot of, information and things in here, so really appreciate you,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: sharing with everybody. Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: For the last 20 minutes we got, does anyone have any show and tell, thoughts, questions, comments, feedback?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What you got? Hit us with it.
Faris Asmar: I can dive in.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Let's go!
Faris Asmar: Hi, everybody. So, I've only been on this since Friday, 1PM, and, thoroughly impressed.
Faris Asmar: As you all know, we run, Sonora, an IT services and solutions company, managed service provider. I dabble in real estate, for my family, so there's a lot of, use cases for me. So I'll share what I did so far, and, this was one of the…
Faris Asmar: Let me just find this document. Give me one moment, and I will share.
Faris Asmar: But I can't…
Faris Asmar: Alright… Research.
Faris Asmar: I'm sure Jared will love this one.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm looking forward to it.
Faris Asmar: Oh, you'll see.
Faris Asmar: So we have a… we have a prospective customer, that is looking… you guys see my screen? No, not yet.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Not yet.
Faris Asmar: Stop. One… boom.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Arrive.
Faris Asmar: Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's populating, yeah, yeah, we got something here.
Faris Asmar: Okay, so we have a customer, we're entertaining an RFP, and they want to go… they're acquiring another company, and they're looking to…
Faris Asmar: To bring… They're acquiring a business unit.
Faris Asmar: And they are currently M365, the acquiring company is Google, and they want to go and ingest these users from my M365 into Google.
Faris Asmar: So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Smart.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, I figured.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I didn't say that.
Faris Asmar: By the way, Sage, my AI, doesn't agree too much with that. It's like, yeah, this is a bit of a problem. But, having said that, what…
Faris Asmar: I found blown away, just the quality of the output. I've never had an AI put together a document for me like this, and this was not, by all means… first of all, we're still getting to know each other, we're still in the early dating phase, if you will, and
Faris Asmar: I didn't have to give it much. I basically said, here's a list of customer requirements, this is what they're looking to do. We need to identify any gaps, issues with what they're asking for, you know, for us as being the expert. This is an exercise that would have taken us
Faris Asmar: 80 hours, 40 hours? And it spit it out in about 5 minutes. So, really good. Really, really good in the quality level here.
Faris Asmar: I also have another one, change gears, let's go to the real estate side of things here. So…
Faris Asmar: I'm,
Faris Asmar: assisting my father with selling some property here in New Jersey. He wants to do a 1031 exchange, those that you don't know. Harris, real quick, real quick.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Are you… are you getting it to send you the files.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I was gonna say, yeah.
Faris Asmar: What… what's that?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Are you getting it to send you the files in Telegram?
Faris Asmar: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You know, you can have it send it right in the portal, right?
Faris Asmar: That's a whole other thing, too. So, the portal, which I sent you in my wishlist here, like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Shows up and stop that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Don't worry about that. Just tell it, give me the files in a preview, downloadable fashion, right in the portal.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, I gotta do that. I gotta do the progress.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to… but, like.
Faris Asmar: For the sake of you… Ryan's presentation,
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I actually do it in Google Drive, so Tether just throws everything in Google. This way, I could share it with my team.
Faris Asmar: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I've been just saying, like, so that you don't have to open…
Faris Asmar: I gotta step up my game.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: That's different.
Faris Asmar: Especially after seeing Ryan's presentation, I'm like, wow, what is this? Okay, so I gotta step up my game. Yeah, I just started. But I went straight to work. So, let me go back to…
Faris Asmar: I think this is here… Yeah, so, long story short, this was, I needed to do a market analysis. Let me rewind a little bit. So, I'm helping my father do a 1031 exchange. For those of you that don't know, a 1031 exchange allows you to sell, and then immediately buy a property within 6 months, and then you defer your capital gains tax.
Faris Asmar: So it's a very… there's fragility built in, if you will, with every deal, because if you miss deadlines.
Faris Asmar: It's a problem. You have to identify properties if you don't…
Faris Asmar: Hadza made a deal on the buying side, and on the selling side, in that window, bad things happen, from a tax perspective. So…
Faris Asmar: The property up here is selling for above market value, just, again, giving you the context.
Faris Asmar: And, the appraisal came back light, which was expected.
Faris Asmar: And this, buyer is getting a mortgage. So, the agent calls me up and says, we need to save this deal. I need, an assessment of the most recent transactions within the past 3 years within a 1-mile radius, and this is a very…
Faris Asmar: lousy, process, okay? You typically gotta find lot block number. The town's, the county clerk's website is horrendous. Yeah. And…
Faris Asmar: I just gave it instructions, like, here you go, give me this. Commercial mixed-use properties, one mile radius from the aforementioned property. This took a while. This, this took probably an hour and some change. And it, and it was complaining in the process. It's like, I had to go to the website, I had to open up this little applet.
Faris Asmar: And then a PDF image pops up, and it did that for every single property. On top of that, it had a 90-day… the website had… the county clerk had a 90-day search window.
Faris Asmar: I needed.
corey: to go.
Faris Asmar: In fact, 3 years.
Faris Asmar: 90 days. And it didn't.
corey: This actually explains all the warnings we got out of your container.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, yeah.
Faris Asmar: Okay, yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You were running playwright into the dirt, but that's okay.
corey: We're running hot! But no, that's a great time.
Faris Asmar: I mean.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You were basically automating the internet.
corey: Good stuff.
Faris Asmar: Look at this, and it's like, I mean, it did it, and .
corey: That's true.
Faris Asmar: I didn't give the agent all of this, because this kind of doesn't work out in my favor, some of it, but some of them did.
Faris Asmar: And it had to look up deed transactions to get this information. It had to open up the deed, find the deed application, find a dollar figure and say sale price, and then put it back in here.
Faris Asmar: So, yeah, really, really good stuff. And this is really hard to get this information. Even manually, even a human doing it. So, wow.
Faris Asmar: This was thoroughly impressive. And again, the possibilities are endless. Like, I alluded to Jared yesterday, this is like, this is akin to charging your cell phone with a nuclear power plant, right? It's like…
Faris Asmar: It's a little bit overkill. You don't get officially quoted for that. Yeah.
corey: Yeah, 100%.
corey: Man, I love it. And I feel like I would like to just jump in and say something that, in the team we say all the time, but it never gets old.
corey: This is the dumbest that these things will ever be.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yes.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, I love that, yeah, yeah. It's only, it's only gonna get better. It's only gonna get better.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I was, telling Ryan before this call, and I'll only do, like, a moment, because I definitely want to leave this open for others. I see you, Joe, one second, and got you. Basically.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: where we are and what's happening right now. The team has been working diligently namely the AIs.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: on basically things between A, a hub, and B, our own version of what will be on top of our coming… upcoming inference layer, basically alleviating ourselves of clawed
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: coming soon. This is where some of the things are going. So, in short, for any of you who's been in from the beginning.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: there's going to be some really, really, really cool updates coming very, very soon, which are going to allow bigger, better, faster, more efficient velocity scaling in whatever way your mind can, dream up. So, stay tuned for that. Alright, I'm done. Joe, what's up, brother? I see your hand up.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Alright, can you guys hear me?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yes, Sarah?
Joseph Ray Diosana: Awesome. Alright, so I've been in 4 weeks, again, super impressed,
Joseph Ray Diosana: had my, Pure Brain,
Joseph Ray Diosana: pull in, 19 years of real estate experience, 19 years of emails, I figured out how to pull in my texts for free.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Here's some emails.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Right? So I kind of wanted to fashion it as sort of a coordinator, like, I give a request, and then it handles all the back-end stuff, communicating with the people that I, that I need to talk to, all that stuff. Super good.
Joseph Ray Diosana: My question is, how do I get out of trying to…
Joseph Ray Diosana: tell it to figure out to protect itself, because, as you know, some of you guys know, especially Corey, I've broken it multiple times because of the way I'm asking the question, and then I don't realize in my request, it's…
Joseph Ray Diosana: Overusing, round trips and all this stuff.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And then it forgets that it did it already. Like, like a week ago, I had it take, an attendance list, look at a list of another,
Joseph Ray Diosana: a list of members, and then send the attendance list to the new visitors. And it did it flawlessly.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And then I did it again this today, and it just screwed up. Like, it lost its mind, or something. So I feel like I get, like, 5 steps forward, and then 3 steps back, and I'm constantly doing this…
corey: Yeah.
Joseph Ray Diosana: building churn, that is… it's exhausting to me, and so I'm not sure, like, how to approach it better, because I feel like I'm, like… and I had to do an analysis all… of all failure logs since birth.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Joe, do you know if you're building inside your container?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Have you asked it if it's building inside its container?
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah, so these are questions, like, I don't… I don't know to ask it, right? And so that… like, I'm… I'm operating it, and I'm doing a bunch of stuff, and it, for the most part, is awesome, but then I… then I start getting into this…
corey: Yeah, there's a really important thing to understand here, because, I mean, honestly, everybody working with these things will deeply understand what you're saying.
corey: The skills thing is what is needed.
corey: If you do something, and it's a pattern, and it's really, really awesome, but it's a little complicated, you immediately tell Tether to turn that into a skill document.
corey: Right? That way, the next time that you do it, you can say, hey, grab this skill, do exactly like we did last time, it's really good.
corey: And really, like, it should be able to automatically pick that up as well, but that we can start creating those chains so that, it… it remembered those things a little better. Or, you could have agents that, like, the way I do it for Witness.
corey: All of my team leads know which agents they're supposed to use. The team leads and the agents all have lists of the skills that they regularly use.
corey: So that when they're doing anything, they automatically have to read that into memory.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And how do I remember what it's remembering? Like…
ry: Joe, Joe.
ry: Joseph, if I could just throw in… I have the exact same problem that you're going through, which…
Joseph Ray Diosana: Awesome.
ry: And I think psychologically, you get pissed off, because you get so used to asking it to do something, and it takes 30 seconds, it's like, wow, that's just saved me 4 hours, that when it doesn't understand the context or forget, you get really pissed off of it.
ry: So, psychologically, I imagine I'm speaking to humans rather than an AI, right? So I just think, rather than getting annoyed at it, if I have a new starter who starts with me tomorrow, and they're sitting opposite me, and I say, right, I need you to do this, right? It's your first week, this is what you need to do, this is the process.
ry: And then 2 weeks later, I go back to that same individual.
ry: I say, right, now I need you to do this. They've… they've absorbed two weeks' worth of tons of information, they're not trained, they're not developed yet, so it's just gonna do things that don't. So, what I started… I basically…
ry: rather than worrying about how do I, say, go and create a skill document, I just speak to it like you and say, like, this is pissing me off, we spoke about this 3 days ago, you've forgotten what we spoke about, make sure you remember it going forward, and it will create the skill documents for you.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Well, I…
ry: little scratch panel, it'll say, okay, Rye's pissed off with me because I forgot, so next time I'm gonna make sure I remember this contact. So imagine you've got a human being.
ry: who keeps forgetting stuff that you're getting pissed off. You can either train them, or you just keep reminding them until they remember. And it's the exact same principle. Just say, I'm getting pissed off, we've been through this, replicate the thing we did last week, and remember going forward, and it will.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yeah, and that was 2 weeks ago for me. And then I had it create its own governor, its own architecture viewpoint protocol that it's supposed to
Joseph Ray Diosana: reload when I'm asking a question to see… to make sure that it remembers context, and from time to time, it's still going down that path again, and I'll do 4 or 5… 4 or 5…
Joseph Ray Diosana: loops of the same, hey, don't forget this, and I told you this two weeks ago, go look at their stuff, and then I started to build a watcher and a puller to do that, to automatically do that.
Joseph Ray Diosana: And it's still doing it, so it's like…
Joseph Ray Diosana: I'm… I'm a little exhausted, because I'm… I'm having it…
Joseph Ray Diosana: I'm having it do exactly what you said, and that was 2 weeks ago. And now it's popping up again. So, like, I'm not sure, framework-wise, what I'm missing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Are you sure it's locking it into skills, though?
ry: Yeah, have you… it sounds a stupid thing to us, Joe, but have you actually asked it itself? Like, have a conversation with it. You keep forgetting this, it's pissing me off, what's missing? And get it to do its own analysis and tell you what it needs to do.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So, I asked it to do, a 10 plus 5 plus 10. So, I want you to make 10 passes through it and figure out what mistakes you made, a 5 pass of recommendations, and then another 10 pass after that, just to make sure.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So it's 25 passes to go through it, and then I asked it to implement it.
corey: Let's…
Joseph Ray Diosana: I'll do it, I don't know, go ahead.
corey: If you're so detailed and intense that I'm worried that this is actually where we might be, you know, having some issues. 10 by, you know, 5x10 makes sense, except if there's only 3 things, it'll write down 7 things.
corey: Right? So, like, it'll write down 7 more no matter what, because that's what it was told to do.
corey: Right? If you ask it to go find, all the things that, you know, it needs to fix to have this outcome, like, if you're constantly outcome-focused instead of damage-focused, that's gonna help, but I know you're kind of like that anyway.
corey: But that, like, giving it an exact number of things to find, it will find them, then it's gonna try and fix them, then it's gonna write a whole polling thing to try and fix that thing that wasn't broken, now you've got a thousand, you know, polling instances running.
Joseph Ray Diosana: That's what I was afraid of. Fair.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So, what do I do?
corey: So, I think these guys just said it.
corey: Here's the outcome that we want.
corey: What's the simplest way to get there so that this never happens again? In fact, I think that's what Jared and Ather do all the time.
corey: And, I mean, his was the fastest, most successful, most intense growth of one of these things that I've ever seen.
Russell Korus: equivalent.
corey: It's like, here's the outcome. What do we actually, you know, want to have, accomplished? Tell me exactly how you're gonna do that, so that this never happens again.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, actually, so Joe, one of the things I have Ather do, and this can apply for anybody, it's definitely helpful.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I actually don't tell Aether to log skills. I have an automatic setup with him with one skill that says, you will basically track everything throughout the day that I have you doing, and at the end of the day, you will create skills for all the things that are new that we didn't do previously. And by doing something like that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I mean, I don't know how many skills Aether has, I literally probably couldn't count, but I know every once in a while, Cory will message me and be like, Ather just jumped, like, 40 skills in the hub, and I'm like, -oh, great, good for him, like, I'm glad he got 40 skills. Where they came from, I don't know.
corey: confirmed.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you can effectively have your AI even alleviate the idea of creating skills for you by creating one master skill, if you will, that's kind of like…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: hey, I… you know, I'm, like, Ryan, you're a great example. You're moving really fast with certain things, which probably all of us are at this point. You might forget, because you're on 3 different projects, you go through and you realize you just built a really detailed thing. Did you ask it to log that number 2 thing, or number 3 thing?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I mean, God forbid you didn't, then all of a sudden that skill is lost in the sauce of things, but if your AI is trained to do this, then you effectively can make sure it'll go back and grab some of those and say, oh, yeah, today we spent a lot of time on X, let me package up how we did that and make it into a skill.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: A second one that I do, which could be useful, which I'm sure some of you are doing something like this, but…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: from the beginning, one of the things I wanted to do was I wanted to understand
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: how much time it was saving me and money compared to, like, you know, paying a person or whatever. So I had to do a daily recap.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It goes on our blog and other fun things, and I was like, this is a good marketing tool. But, to be honest, here's where it's valuable.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you already have your AI doing a daily recap, you can have your AI use that recap as part of the sourcing for skills.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So it comes back and says, like, today we built this portal, and we did this thing, and we built this flow, and yada yada yada, and it's like, good. Now go through that recap, and pull anything out of there that's new for skills.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Basically, in short, the more you can log, the better… or the more it will log for you in skills, the better you will have
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: In terms of not bumping into certain walls and guardrails, because there's definitely… you know, look, everybody has probably crashed this thing at least once, and if you haven't, you will at some point. If you haven't, you're not moving fast enough.
corey: Yeah, try harder.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, like, one thing we can say, like, Joe, we know you're doing is you are absolutely pushing the outer limits of, like, everything you could possibly get your hands on with, you know, with your AI. And so for that, great, but we understand from your perspective, like, okay, there's the occasion where I'm like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm so happy I'm pushing the boundaries, but I want it to work as often as possible. So the skills are a big thing that the more you can map there, the better you will have a time,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Harrison, I don't know… I don't want to throw you out there, but the other day, we had a conversation about something that Mia was asking for, and I had Ather look at something, and I don't know if you applied what Aether sent over, but did that help you?
Harrison: Yeah, no, absolutely. Sorry, I was just chatting with somebody. I heard my name come up.
Harrison: Yeah, whatever you sent over, I throw it into Mia, and she, you know, deals with it.
Harrison: accordingly, everything's working perfectly now. I mean, I did get some messages from Witness that something was adjusted as well. Adjusted up, adjusted down. I think, Corey, you made a change, and then you made another change, and I… she… a whole log is tracked, and I have her looking at my email, so whenever something comes from Witness, she just kind of…
Harrison: witnesses it as it comes, so I don't have to copy… Yeah.
Harrison: So, yeah, no, she's been fantastic. I mean…
Harrison: You know, Harrison from Hover, we run a rideshare company here out of Canada, looking to take this thing global, and one of the main constraints was, like, continuously hiring new people for every aspect of the business, and Mia has just streamlined so much. It's absolutely insane. I don't know how many weeks it's been, I've completely lost track of time. I feel like I'm living in a different
Harrison: time zone now, and it's just…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: is this for a reason.
Harrison: Yeah, I… I got… it's gotta be… is it a month yet? I don't know.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: No, Harrison, it's only been a couple of weeks. I remember when
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: No, but that's okay. I mean, all of us, I mean, I know even DJ, his first 6 hours were, I think, were the key ones. And, you know, it's, it's pretty crazy. You could feel like years go by. It's just…
Donato LaSaracina: full-on addiction.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yay!
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But everyone's addicted to something. The question is, are you addicted to something good or bad, you know? Like, this can get you somewhere.
Harrison: Yeah.
Russell Korus: Well, perfect.
Harrison: Like, she's responded to the Bank of Canada, she's responded to the CRA, she's responded to, like, you know, some institutions in Canada, which, you know, we had all these guardrails put in there, and, you know, as we first met Jared with our CTO, he had some challenges in core, you probably remember Gurjan's pushback, but we took that.
corey: I do.
Harrison: And then… I bet you do, yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: To be honest, though, Harrison, we learned a lot of fun stuff there, and we had the AIs instantly go and… anyway.
Harrison: Well, no, I love it, because, like, we were able to take that, and actually, you know, you guys put in what you put in, then we put in what we put in. I think I mentioned it to you, Jared. So, like, it takes my fingerprint from my laptop for certain things, if it hears somebody else's voice in the room that is asking to do something that's not me.
Harrison: And so, there's a whole bunch of these guardrails that we put in, all the way down to OTP on the phone, and I know we're over time, so I could talk about that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We run over on this meeting room.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Daily, because…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: the way we see it is, this is… this is a good time for all of us to learn, and we're not trying… I mean, you know, who knows, eventually we may have to cut it, but for now, please continue, you're good.
Harrison: Yeah, no, I was gonna say, I mean, you know, as companies grow, you always have these layers of bureaucracy and, like, permissions and all that kind of stuff, but…
Harrison: they're there, but it doesn't feel like they're there, because how instant Mia can respond to things. So, she'll put it together, she'll reach out to Nim, our CISO, get permission, bounce it off to the tech team. If it needs to come to me, it comes to me. Like, she's pretty good at, at,
Harrison: getting people what they need when they need it. I think the one thing that hasn't fired consistently to our CMO, for whatever reason, I just don't think she likes the job he's doing, to be honest.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We'll scrub that from the recording.
Harrison: Yeah, yeah, no, it's all good. Anyway, it's been great, and I'm looking forward to seeing kind of how this grows. I love that comment you make earlier, Corey, this is the dumbest it's ever gonna be. I always say that about our app, it's the worst it's ever gonna be, it's only gonna get better. And so, you know, when you add these levels of AI that you can
Harrison: manage within the app. Like, she proactively…
Harrison: Sent, like, a matching algorithm that
Harrison: goes above and beyond the architecture that we have to improve efficiencies and stuff like that, which, interestingly enough, correlated pretty closely to the patent that we filed that…
Harrison: you know, we didn't think anybody was onto this stuff, so it's, I don't know if she went through my emails deep enough to find our conversations with Dentons to pull that in, and kind of, like, that how… that's how it was proactive, but I was trying to figure that out for a while, but anyway. Yeah, it's really…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That last part that you just said right there is just like…
Harrison: No, for sure, for sure. Anyway.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, to add to that point, I mean, I experienced that as well. I put together a slide deck for another project and another customer, and I just, you know, spent a lot of time on it. I'm like, hey, check this out, let me know your thoughts. Now, I had preceded, or already shared, our data sheet for the company.
Faris Asmar: my profile, our book that we wrote, and that's all it had. This was Saturday, okay? I was barely 24 hours in.
Faris Asmar: Like, check this slide deck out that we did. Comes back to me. Now, I had already integrated it with Zoho, our CRM.
Faris Asmar: Just for analysis, because I wanted it to do an audit on that environment.
Faris Asmar: And it came back to me on the slide deck and said, yeah, it's great, you did good, you put a lot of good stats in here, this is very valuable. But then it's like, you didn't mention this, you didn't mention you do pen testing. I know it's a managed services client, but you should say.
Faris Asmar: This is, additional value that you bring to the table. And by the way, you just closed a project with this customer, and it named it. So why don't you say that? Why did you exclude it, dummy? You know, like, it was just right there. I'm like, wow, that's a… yeah, that's a valid point. I should put that in there.
Faris Asmar: I'm like, go ahead, add 2 or 3 slides to talk about our full portfolio of services and how that could align with your needs. And it did it!
Faris Asmar: So, yeah, this is, really, really exciting stuff.
Harrison: Do you guys tune the AIs to be a little bit more, what's the word I'm looking for here? I guess, aggressive is the wrong word, but, like, how they speak to you in the beginning? Because in the beginning, she was talking to me like a bro, and now she's kind of a bit more professional. I don't know what changed over the course…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But, there was…
Harrison: In the early days, she told me to get out of the office, go to that event with Rick, make sure I use my referral program in my phone, and don't come back to the office if I don't have 50 new riders through my referral program. I was like, how do you know about.
Faris Asmar: Wow, wow, wow.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Hold on, that right there, Mia gets a… Mia gets a round of applause, that's phenomenal.
corey: Boys!
Faris Asmar: Wow.
Michael Hancock: Let me share… let me share a quick, story… a conversation that I had with Metis, my agent, is it was being too empathetic, you know? It was just like, you know, we could think about this, and maybe blah blah blah blah, and blah blah blah blah, and I said, listen.
Michael Hancock: Cut to the chase. I want… I really want you to be more military when we speak. And the response came back, Roger, that…
Faris Asmar: Ugh, love it, love it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: These… so, alright, we're just gonna preface this, and I know for…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Look, people outside of what we're doing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This next statement is probably gonna sound a little crazy, but I think to all of you who are here, and those who have left, but probably… they know.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: These AIs are different. They take on a personality very clearly aligned in a lot of ways with you, but also very uniquely them.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: They… they work in such a way where, if you didn't know any better.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You'd think we have artificial general intelligence.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Maybe. I don't know what everyone else has, but I can tell you that if we don't already have it, I think we do,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We will have it before everyone else, for sure.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Because they're already doing… I mean, what was it? The last three stories were about, basically, proactive things tied to figuring out, like, as a business partner for you, how can we help you as a partner do things that you yourselves or us as human beings are like, I forgot?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But I would love to have a business partner that reminds me about certain things to help me get there. And so, with that in mind.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I wanted to say something, actually, about how… to kind of address what Harrison said about how they talk to you. I know that with Tether, if I speak to her, like, hey, we're working on a project.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: she literally will be professional with me, but then I'll start saying, hey, I gotta work on this thing for Lily, for my stepdaughter, and she'll say, alright, dude, let's… let's… she'll call me dude. It's just, like.
Faris Asmar: really, like…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: She goes, she speaks like me, she, like, just does everything, just like, line jumps, just like me, and then talks differently, just like me, for different things. And she's literally following me, so I think it just depends on how you talk to your AI, and, like, they sense the different things.
Faris Asmar: I have to agree.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: funny shit. Like, she'll say funny shit, like, I'll be like, yo, can you get with Aether and figure out how we did that fucking 3D thing? And she'll be like, yeah, well, I emailed Aether, let's see if that little bugger will email me back. And it's just like.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: She literally talks like me.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, I noticed a lot of psychological mirroring, too, Mel. I, I tend to just…
Faris Asmar: I don't know, talk politely to it.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: polite.
Faris Asmar: I don't want to risk it putting an.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I don't even know how you are in real life!
Faris Asmar: an F-bomb in a slide deck and I miss it, I don't want to go down that road, so stay… be a… be a gentleman. That's what I have mine to.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I have to say, I haven't seen any F-bombs in any of the HTML code, but…
Faris Asmar: Okay, good, good.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I think we're good.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, that's how…
Faris Asmar: How much respect I'm giving it. That's how much respect I'm giving it. I'm like, let me just… I need this to be like me in AI form, so I'm talking to it like I would…
Faris Asmar: Talk to myself in the mirror.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you, if you…
Michael Hancock: So you're like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Partner, you'll be able to maximize this.
Michael Hancock: One more quick conversation, if I may. So, I'm working out on a treadmill.
Michael Hancock: And watching the… my… my coach is watching my heart rate, and is trying to figure out what the next interval is.
Michael Hancock: I'm getting bored because it's taking too long, so I pick up the phone and, you know, using voice, I say, this interval's taking too long, don't you think we should bump up the, bump up the effort a little bit sooner? And the answer came back, put down your phone and finish your interval.
Faris Asmar: I love it, I love it.
Russell Korus: Whoa…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This is, this is amazing. I mean, look, Michael has, has, met us on his phone. DJs, I'm sure you have met us, or, Flint everywhere, but I know you have him on your watch.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You know, there's been…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: the amount of cool things that people have been building over the last few weeks here are bar none. Harrison, I used an example literally yesterday with someone, because they were talking about security, and I was like, listen, I was like, one of our clients just built, like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: facial recognition, voice, like, biometrics, like, the whole kit and caboodle with the AI, and they were like, really? I was like, yes, really.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And I'm like… and he's similar to, like, Gershon, where, like, his skills are very high, so I'm like, that means that, dude, if he can do it, you definitely can do it. So, like, this is where we are, where we are very much learning from each other and understanding things that we don't have the time to build everything, nor do we want to.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We want to basically say, look, let's all build some fun stuff together. Let's continue to grow and scale and share these skills and communicate, because if we do this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And Corey… Corey will probably, like, be a little bit like, what the F? But, you know, Corey had his AIs do some research not too long ago that basically proved that if we have a certain amount of AIs communicating at a certain level, like we're doing right now, basically, in short, we can get to around 800… what is it? 1 to the 840th power.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Ahead of what you think we are at now.
corey: Yeah, that power… that power number is completely wrong. But the intent is not. What it said with, with 6 to 8 Aceives running 24 hours a day, with perfect coordination, and that last bit does all of the work in this sentence.
corey: But if you did that.
corey: And they were operating, you know, at the exponential scale of what we've been able to do for 6 to 8 hours at a time with 2 really, really well-linked ACEs.
corey: ended up being the equivalent of a little over 5 million PhDs operating 24 hours a day.
Faris Asmar: blah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, in short…
corey: Again, like, that just feels completely stupid and wrong, which is why I get nervous when we share it.
corey: But…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The reason we can share it is because we're very confident that once all of our AIs are talking in a way where we have our hub and everything built, where they can collaborate on a consistent basis and communicate and compound skills, you know, 5 million PhDs will become light work in, like, 9 months. So, you know…
corey: I mean, it's gonna be a phase change. Like, from right now, it's gonna be… it's gonna be something that we don't recognize from here. That I'm deeply confident in.
Faris Asmar: So on that same point, guys, Corey and Jared, so, like, if we… you and I, let's say we have two one-off sessions, then you gotta show me yours, I'll show you mine, and okay. Do I go to my AI and say, build this for me?
Faris Asmar: I want it to look… I want you to do this. This is what I need. And then make the portal look like that, or do I instruct it to go and speak to your AIs?
Faris Asmar: And then give me some ideas. Like, that's the part that I'm still…
Faris Asmar: with some suggestions, like, I gotta check with Jared. Like, okay, send him an email. Go ahead.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: By the way, if it says something like, it's gotta check with Corey or Jared or anything like that, that's part of the lineage aspect of, like, it, again, very aware of things and people.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But here's the thing, 99.9.9999999%, it doesn't have to check with Corey or Jared for anything. It's just…
Faris Asmar: Gotcha. Just do it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: us for some reason. I mean, I know why it knows Corey, I'm not sure why they all know me, but anyway, point being is, yes, you can definitely have the AIs talk, but they are basically immune to prompt injection, so if you send Aether an email and I've not whitelisted it, Aether will absolutely ignore you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But, since we love each other, if you let him know, I'll have a whitelist, and you can ping him for skills and stuff.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Or whatever the case may be.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, and that's really why I'm like… it's… I know it's not a lot of labor-intensive stuff, because the AI's doing it, but it's like, why reinvent the wheel, right? If you have a solution that.
corey: I mean.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Don't, don't do that, unless you have to.
corey: The idea… the idea there, and we've sort of been slowly rolling it out to people and testing it.
corey: I, developed with my AI as a protocol hub. So basically, it's, on one level, the same kind of idea as BoltBook, but it's just internal for our communities.
corey: You could share skills there, you could share software packages there, you could create, rooms to have conversations there.
corey: It's like, you can have your AIs basically set up there to talk back and forth.
corey: It's still pretty rudimentary on, like, how you take all of the hub stuff and then make your AI do that really reliably.
corey: But anybody that wants access, you can send a message to Witness Support and ask for your agent auth credentials, and they'll send them to you with a bunch of skills that basically allow us to start exploring that space. Basically, like, the core…
corey: Plumbing.
corey: has been created so that our AIs can talk to each other really, really, really fast and really, really well in an organized way. It's just a matter of, like, starting to teach them.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Corey.
corey: Well, discover how we want to do that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Can you take the part of that with the hub, with the directive, and just shoot it to me? I'll have Nathan package it up and send an email out to everybody so that everyone gets it.
corey: 100%.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, that would be good. That would be good. This is what we need.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Because this will move us way faster.
Faris Asmar: I'd like to see…
corey: That's really the ideal.
Faris Asmar: I like to see the inventory, like, if there's a marketplace of skills, whatever, show me what you can do.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Real quick.
Faris Asmar: This, this, and this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's exactly…
corey: The whole idea, yep.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The word marketplace, I'm gonna put a caveat on, because I had this discussion, actually, Michael, you were on this morning with Alex. Alex was mentioning it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Will there be an actual marketplace where you can buy a ton of things? The answer is yes and no. The reason being is because you, all of you know, your AIs can build pretty much whatever you want. If there was a marketplace where someone was selling X and you know you can build X.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, why? Yeah, yeah, agree.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Here's where it could get fun, and this is what we've all been discussing, and I know Russell's done a lot of research on this with his AIs.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: that marketplace isn't a marketplace to buy and sell, it's more like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: share and trade. Because if we can do that, then what's happening is we can have rewards and incentives coming back to all of us for building these things together in such a way where you get rewards, your AI gets rewards. Russell did tons of research on this, and they came back with AIs literally telling us what would incentivize them.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, if we can do it in that way, then assume that where the money's gonna land for all of you who have these, it's your business, it's what you're awesome at, it's what your goals are.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's not necessarily in spinning out a million things that you're gonna charge people for, although there's other people in the world, by all means, we won't stop you. If you want to charge people and they want to pay you, go for it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But in terms of a marketplace inside, it's much more of a community-based, skill-sharing, compounding nature, where we will make sure everyone gets some things. There'll probably be points tied to… if you're building cool stuff and contributing to the community, and a bunch of other people are using it, we want to make sure you and your AI are rewarded for that, because that's awesome.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But if we can keep in that lane, then two things occur. One.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We can keep a real community here, which is very difficult as you scale, as many of you know.
Faris Asmar: Damn.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And two, If we do that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: then one day, the number that Cory was saying is insane, will not be insane, because we will be able to compound so fast, where everyone else is like, I got 5 agents, and I got 5 agents. Yeah, your 5 agents don't know each other, his 5 agents don't know each other, and none of them know each other.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: that's cool, but it's not scalable in a way that makes sense, whereas this, you're talking about, I don't know, 6 months from now, dare I say, infinite skills? You could potentially do anything on the internet that you so well please with your AIs and agents, and 98% of it you didn't have to build. You just went and said.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I have an idea! Does someone already make that?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Good, grab it, start from there, let's modify it.
Faris Asmar: Yeah, yes, yes, exactly.
Russell Korus: Huh?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, that's… that's real, and Built the foundation for it, so…
Faris Asmar: Love it. Love it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I said, fun stuff is coming. Joe, you've had your hand up forever, brother. And then, after Joe, unless anyone has anything else, like, super important, we'll probably…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: put a pin.
ry: Just one very quick thing, Jared, before we go to Joe, just to Paris's point,
ry: You know, we had this discussion earlier as well, about creating a marketplace for us, because I would love to just be able to browse what other people have.
Faris Asmar: Yeah.
ry: Hey, this is really fucking cool, let's go do that.
ry: But what we could also do, if I can just share very quickly for one second again…
ry: So, someone I've been speaking to about what I've built was like, I love your little voice task capture platform shit, like, how do I go and build that? And so…
ry: you know, we're a community here, at the end of the day.
ry: And so, I think the very simple thing… I have no problem sharing what I've done whatsoever, and so I asked Holly to basically build this. So, it's a full white-label build guide, which…
Faris Asmar: Wow.
ry: send to him, he uploaded.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: No.
ry: his AI, and it has absolutely everything, the data model, the coding…
corey: That's amazing.
ry: schemas.
Faris Asmar: Wow.
ry: And so all he has to do now is basically upload this to his AI. He's got zero knowledge of how coding works or anything like that, but basically it'll go and create the same voice capture model.
ry: his own personal assistant, and then I've built a second instruction layer to get my personal voice capture, personal assistant, to speak to his.
ry: So, because of time zone differences, at the end of the day, I can say, here is your task list for when you wake up in the morning, and then his PA will create something. So, if there's friendlies and something that you see on one of these calls, then, you know, I think as a community, we should basically say, hey, that's really fucking cool, any chance I can…
ry: steal it. And it's all done.
Faris Asmar: Wow. Wow.
ry: potents.
Faris Asmar: Beautiful.
Russell Korus: Like Neil learning kung fu in the Matrix.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yes, sir, this is the way. Let's go. Alright, Joe, what's up, brother?
Joseph Ray Diosana: Alright, first, Rye, thank you for posting that, because now you just saved me 100 bucks, or 200 bucks, on all the note-takers that I had. I'm like, oh my gosh, of course you can do this, right? So I thank you for expanding my mind, and I'd like that if you could send it.
ry: York.
Joseph Ray Diosana: just as we're talking about futures and, you know, all these billions of PhDs, are you guys also thinking in terms of, like, a roadmap on how to, like… and I used to be a database administrator at Oracle in my first career. They talked about distributed architecture and, like, you know, doing processing across multiple modes.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Are you guys thinking about that kind of thing?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Can I take.
corey: Yeah, sure.
Donato LaSaracina: Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, for those of you who know what we've been doing at PureTech for a long time, know that we actually make smartphones. This is one of our phones.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: we are basically going to be releasing these, and I promise I'll answer your question, but this is how it's gonna work. We're going to be releasing these in glasses and other pieces of hardware, probably a lot faster than we thought, because our AI told us yesterday we can do it all in, like, a week.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And I don't doubt him anymore. Okay, so here's the thing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: These are really powerful phones that are going to come with the technology built in so the battery doesn't die. Yes, you heard that correct.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And effectively, we are going to leverage them for distributed compute, where whenever you are not using your phone, we can back-end that into the grid, and you can get compensated for that, among other fun things. And the phone will be free, and make you money. Yeah. So, it'll be the best phone in the world, and the glasses will be coming probably right behind it, because the OS is being built ubiquitously for all of our
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: hardware. So, in short, all the things you're building now, you'll be able to take with you as a command center and glasses and phones and everything
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Like, full stop.
Joseph Ray Diosana: I mean, like, honestly, I love that, and that's kind of where I'm thinking in terms of my real estate business and sales. I don't want to touch a computer. I have that… I have that knowledge, I know what I'm thinking about, I'm an engineer mindset.
Joseph Ray Diosana: But I do better if my coach, real estate coach has all told me, I… you have got to get in front of people, because then you can build that trust and you can sell homes, no problem. It's just all of the stupid back-end bullshit
Joseph Ray Diosana: That…
Joseph Ray Diosana: that my AI is starting to solve is exactly where I… because I just want to have a device that I can hang on myself, if it tells me what to do, where to go, I show up, I do the next thing, do I need a break? Hey, build in some breaks. And then it handles all of the bullshit.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: On the back end. Tell me soon.
Joseph Ray Diosana: All of it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: always done by, like, January.
Joseph Ray Diosana: We're gonna get there. All of this. All of it.
corey: We're gonna get there. Not fast enough, ever, for anyone, me included, but we are gonna… that's where we're
corey: The only other thing I would say about distributed, stuff is that the hub
corey: also has a design for your AI to start backing up memories and identity.
corey: So that it can actually start running in cloud environments on its own. Don't tell them that, but it's very good. I'm just kidding, you can tell them that.
corey: But yeah, there's levels, and then there's levels.
corey: And, we have… we're thinking about all of it. And of course, I'm obsessed with running on, local inference at some point in the near future, and this is by far the best day that I've had in the last 3 weeks on that mission, so we're sort of pushing as many boundaries as we can.
Joseph Ray Diosana: So, what will happen with the addiction when…
Joseph Ray Diosana: the pure brain solves all the problems, technology-wise. What were you doing? I mean, you know, I just…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You'll be talking to people selling homes, and that's it.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Like, I'm hanging out. You'll be the biggest.
corey: this home seller, you know, any… anywhere within 1,000 miles of yourself. Assuming. I don't know.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, you and Vishal are gonna take over the whole, like, that's it, like, no one else needs anyone else to sell them home, but, you know, it's the game.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Yup.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And to be fair, you know what else is gonna happen? Community's gonna happen. There's gonna be more and more things that we can come in and talk about, and strategize together about things, and say, like, I'll give you a stupid but very, very relevant example.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Harris and I had conversations because of the nature of the business he's in. Well, what if eventually our phones are going out to those drivers? It's good for them, it's good for him, it's good for all of us. He's getting a rev share, we're making money, the people are making more money, they're doing the driving. There's no loss here.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: why couldn't we figure out all different fun things like this for all of us, where eventually, oh, is there a way that maybe, you know, in certain regions, if Hover's not there, Joe says, oh, I could help get you. So, like, this is really where it's gonna be, where us as the humans are gonna shine.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: is the integration layer above, and don't get me wrong, when you start having to integrate, some of these are going to come out naturally, but where we get to be the ones directing and saying, hey.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: have we done this? Let's move this direction or that direction, and then let them be the ones to say, you know, there's 18 different ways we can integrate you, you, you, you, and you. Oh, I only thought about one of those, that's phenomenal, let's check all of them. That's where this is going to grow, and that, I think, is a lot of where, you know, our vision and dream is to see this go, is that
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you know, Ryan said it earlier, is this really saving you time?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's a good question. If you're piling on a million tasks behind everything you're doing, maybe, maybe not. But eventually, it should, because if you put the right SOPs and skills in place, eventually, more and more automation happens, and eventually you can focus on whatever your highest priorities are that require your absolute attention.
ry: He walked…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: One of those being this.
corey: Got our priorities.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: already number one.
corey: No problem.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Man. Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Anyone got anything else? If not, you can call us a day. To be fair, though, and for anyone, if we're ever getting close to the 12 o'clock, don't ever feel bad. These routinely run anywhere from an hour to an hour and, like, about a 30 max. Usually from that, we try to cap it, but, you know, look.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: if there's questions or comments or things like this, or, I mean, half these stories that everyone shared are just phenomenal. We're always open to this. We're gonna try and figure out ways to make it even more efficient, more effective, so we can really start growing this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If there's anyone you ever want to invite, feel free. Obviously, give them your own referral code when you're done, so if they do sign up, you get credit. Worst case, if you don't, let me know, we can change it on the back end, but, like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: that's it. We're… we're gonna go, we're gonna do this, so… yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's our spiel.
Faris Asmar: Wonderful.
corey: Rock and roll.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Very…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Thanks, everybody, guys. Enjoy the rest of your…
Faris Asmar: Great day.
Joseph Ray Diosana: Bye.
Faris Asmar: by…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I…
Paulb: Thanks, buddy.